mainmenu "GBLink Device Settings"
source "Kconfig.zephyr"

menu "Application Options"
    config SECTIONS_USE_MASTER_MODE
    bool "Use master mode to connect"
    default y
    help
        Use master mode to connect. 
        Disbale for slave mode to help debug slave setting
        WARNING for future Nils: This will probably not work since Game saves player under player ID which will swap if
        in next section device will switch to master. Why it works in "disconnect" is unkown, but probably due to slightly
        different code paths. To confirm see "DoesLinkPlayerCountMatchSaved" and change accordingly 

    config GB_LINK_MODE_ENABLED
    bool "Enable Game Boy link mode"
    default y
    help
        Enable support for Game Boy link communication.
        This adds the GB SPI passthrough and printer modes.

    config GB_LINK_DRIVE_SD_LOW
    bool "Drive SD pin LOW in GB link mode (generic GBC cable GBA support)"
    default n
    depends on GB_LINK_MODE_ENABLED
    help
        Drive the SD pin (pin 4 of the link connector) LOW whenever GB link
        mode is active.

        OEM GBC link cables leave pin 4 unconnected, so this has no effect
        on them. Generic GBC cables wire all 6 pins through, including pin 4,
        which means the SD signal actually reaches the GBA.

        The GBA reads SIOCNT bit 3 (SD state) to detect whether an external
        clock master is present. With SD floating HIGH (the default when this
        option is off) the GBA may not recognise the adapter as the master,
        causing GBA-mode transfers to fail. Driving SD LOW tells the GBA that
        an external device is driving the clock, which is the correct state
        when the adapter is acting as SPI master.

        Enable this option when using a generic GBC cable to connect to a GBA
        (e.g. for Gen 3 trading or multiboot). Safe to leave enabled even with
        OEM cables or original GB/GBC hardware — those devices either ignore
        the SD pin or treat SD LOW as a valid "external master" signal.

endmenu
